Link to The Catalyst Project site (#772)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: open-incubator.md

    title: Fellowship Programmes
    description: |

>       Our flagship Fellowship is the Resident Fellow programmes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Our flagship incubator service is the Resident Fellow programme, where individuals work with OLS to further OLS's goals whilst exploring opportunities for personal growth.
```

Author: Beautifully reworded. Thanks, Yo!
